# Project constraints:
## Professional / Technical Expertise:
	This application will be used in a very specific environment. The client app connects to the external motion control server, which connects to the motion control. Both are located in the NAMRU-Dayton lab at Wright Patterson Airforce base in Dayton, Ohio. Since testing this app properly relies on connecting to the EMC server in-office, and running a test with full motion-control, testing requires help from a group of people who have the expertise to run the motion control and server. Depending on test results, any unexpected behavior of the app relating to server connection may need troubleshooting assistance from someone in the office that has more experience with the system.
##Time:
	As mentioned in the Professional Expertise section, all testing of this project must be done in-office. Therefore, all testing will require driving an hour to and from Dayton to test the application at a time where the motion control system is not already being used for research. This is made more difficult since I am a full-time student currently taking five other classes. I am also working part-time, which will require that I spend some time focusing on other work-related projects. Balancing time between this project, other classes, and part-time work will be a major challenge for these semesters.
## Scope:
Division of work between team members is not an issue for this project since I am the only team member. However, it will be important to keep the scope of the project limited to something that is doable by a one-person team. I will need to find a balance between creating a product that is large and complex enough to solve the problem it aims to fix, and keeping the project to a scope reasonable enough that I can handle it considering the time and expertise constraints listed. There are people that can assist with the expertise aspect of these constraints, but all of the coding and project design will come from one person.
